the protagonist of many messages
the spectators imagine that in all Spain
I'm not very worried about the situation
toured his team in the television cast
please ask us to tell what happened this week
is the meeting that José María de la Nido presented as the
league clubs goes this barsa theme
to try a cast
plus the active kit
of the television pastor
sirte is what a lot of people greeting on Sundays from 12 to 12 pm came out
of Sevilla
of valencia of málaga
I want to go through that
1 what will happen to that
by
p can be planted
eight days later
let's say more modest not
It's very strange because they are a good fight with the dealership management
strike style by operating them in the role of the conapra
what could I do
What strength can seville make the Valencia valencia but what will
say the villarreal so that they do them case in study
at the moment could happen at home for development unctad
this Thursday in private visit on board but are details of the meeting can
be swords in seville
on the other hand the purchase to finish second I call it the rebellion of the
middle class
because he considered media plans
that there is a lot of difference is shared by it, for example, marie barcelona I think
that are in 140 million efe and even of a good god perez amador but
besides that most clubs are very mosqueados
with the presiente the league although in that meeting it is going to speak also me
tell xalapa see me tell me try to get out of there to walk theatrical that is
being disastrous
in the meeting will be
the one who has summoned
although in Seville but all 18 clubs ballet the president
i the general director of each of the 18 clubs
i want
but change the tortilla county
for this week
that come from the television contract
percent one of the options that they shuffle and to demonstrate
that the league is not a matter of two and that it has long been
baa
to close the party will be a mother
we're going to let them put us 15 but let's go for our team
and third
and all the ways the Bogota team is going to stop
15 0 20 0 30 to 0 there would be no life
yesterday after that match barsa who came to madrid from Cordoba of the
second division will have to see opens to the country claims state
bp archer
if it makes sense but this is in fact teams
and that work of those and one on the axis to make power
the league is 25 sticks
that's why we decided that not a few others
that party neither lovech and freedom in January anywhere but I'll talk
they were blunt as you plan to make it happen this Saturday the band does
because what he can not do is not play
because it is not well done deborah the heroes would denounce for breaching the
contract
for several exceptions in a contract with mediapro although they have it and can not give
austerity lessons if the thing
what a professional
I'm going to let you score 18 goals leave us
that double that does not mean that you appreciate
if perhaps the hand of capacity for the development of the presenter model of
'hour of summer' tarditti asked today of those of Granada
do not believe it
and if it is not an old box to the lover but we want to ask you to stay
with the fact of putting it into practice without a clear example of the
importance that we have deker agreement that the jungle should charge more money
but the rest of the clubs
they are very important in the league is stressed but it has cost
I go I do not know if they are going to get it but not only this but
I hope that having followed the month of March of last year but the detail of
all this until a week ago was the straw that has filled the glass
is the famous liberals
because they have realized that before thinking that now the line passed after another
that another of the radios waits for the base valencia to charge more than
the alerts to the subject
that I take badly and kill you and not let enter radio life friend
municipal to two of these so that after the 15 million private prepaid
doing the madrid and the crumb for us is my role in the soriano team
they can not do it
none of that the other what is known part are 105 kilos to 2 million
Salvadorans so that it is so well known
the antenna delegate 3 in the past decade said she had nothing to object to
head
the kick-off before the debate said mary-basha I generate 236 the warning of
prevention in 82 and paid him in advance understood and that they signed
toyota was up to the hat from here we always want to win you from the must
I'm as clear as a thin potato diaz that you eat for having added that
was aware or more that they have to cheap labor another data more
highlight of this project pointed out another thing is that the dollar continue like this
You can see these flight times
but they highlighted status as the main culprits
in this way came the effort selfishness
of each and every one the mother of the patient
if the place to unify then criterion of the sheep redd forests
affirmed of the final battle individually besides Madrid
porcelain will be valued to capture most of them
I insist that we are going to present
jose luis pardo
I had to be in Madrid, Barcelona
generate are doing a lot of things
to stand out I know that while everything they are doing you have to try
avoid the two teams was also clear
are taken to Barcelona deduced from the best era of evil in history
will be
the greatest work of all I have publicly cruelly left there to economize
doing the real madrid that keeps trying to invented put and is
doing an excellent football excellent thing
there they do not distance themselves from the rest
but it's a football thing but there's one thing that helps you grow from
what happened with all this because of the interest until new now we must win
but there is one thing that is clear
Barcelona does not throw spectators every game
15 thousand partners 700 thousand partners as an inquiry to interpret to be
wanted in spite of this diary if it will not generate the road to history is
because it has been achieved that his million click cesium curfew
two hundred prick damián like the same thing happens when the fire found in
a still not happy to see injecting televisions
the economic Indians remember that the early years
they favored many teams below and in the middle of the table how not
remember if polite leave a player tab better was the time 13 2